fix(core): scanner ignores files inside VCS (#6839)
biomejs/biome: .changeset/crazy-words-sink.md

---
"@biomejs/biome": patch
---

> Fixed a bug where the Biome Langauge Server didn't correctly certain ignore files when `vcs.useIgnoreFile` is set to `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
Fixed a bug where the Biome Language Server didn't correctly ignore specific files when `vcs.useIgnoreFile` is set to `true`.
```
